my name is ryan hartigan from
econtechnolgies the creators of
chronosync and chronoagent in this
screencast we're going to demonstrate
how to create a bootable backup of
recorder sync Mac to an external drive
attached to a remote Mac with Koerner
agent installed the process is nearly
identical to a local bootable backup
except your destination hard drive is on
a remote Mac with corner agent installed
to familiarize yourself with bootable
backups take a look at the link to the
screencast explaining bootable backups
below this screencast assumes you're
familiar with configuring a Krone of
agent connection this screencast also
assumes you've already formatted your
bootable backup Drive using Disk Utility
on your Mac if you've not done this
already click the link below to watch a
quick screencast detailing this because
this think is going over a network
connection it will likely be slower than
a local bootable backup a good trick is
to connect the hard drive locally for
your first bootable backup then move it
to the remote Mac for all subsequent
backups the steps to follow would be the
same except you are not connecting a
newly formatted empty hard drive to your
remote Mac begin by launching corner
sink and opening a blank sync document
we'll start by creating the connection
profile to connect to the chronoagent
mac if you've already created a
connection profile to connect to your
corner agent mac you'll need to create
an additional one for this bootable
backup begin by naming the connection
profile selecting the appropriate
chronoagent mac and entering the user
name and password click Next and
configure the security panel if you wish
finally click Next to continue to the
mappings panel normally you would map
the users of your chrono sigmak to the
users of your Koerner agent Mac but here
we want to have the file ownership on
the back of volume match that of our
startup disk to do this set the mapping
mode to none so none of the file
ownership settings will be modified
during the sync click Save to save the
connection profile and close the
connection profile window now it's time
to set the sync operation to bootable in
choosing the bootable operation
ChronoSync reconfigures the sync
document so it's best to set the sync
operation first before choosing any
targets this is done by clicking the
operation pop-up and selecting a
bootable left-to-right when you choose a
bootable operation chrono sync will
prompt you for admin access because it
needs full
Laxus to all files on your hard drive by
default deletions are synced and moved
to the archived items folder found at
the root of your destination target if
you need to restore any items you can do
so via the archive panel of your saved
sync document now it's time to select
the targets because this is a
left-to-right sync operation I'm going
to select the start of disc of my
Chronos sigmak as the left target then
I'm going to select the connection
profile I've just created in the connect
to pop up of the right target pane and
select my external drive connected to
the chronoagent mac as the right target
just as in performing a local bootable
backup and ignore permissions warning
may appear just click OK with the sync
configured it's time to save the sync
document it's now time to run the actual
sync by clicking the synchronize button
note it is not unusual for the sync to
take over an hour the first time it is
run but it will be quicker when run in
the future as only changed files will be
synced to save time the sync in the
screen cast has already been run once
before however while it would not take
as long as an initial sync it will still
take some time to finish so we're going
to skip ahead in this screencast finally
when the sync finishes a synchronization
complete sheet will appear with details
of the sync if you've encountered any
errors during the sync you can check the
sync document log file by clicking the
black log button in the toolbar if your
saved sync document if you have any
questions regarding chronosync or
chronoagent please visit our website at
econtechnologies.com